Mission planner: remove batch build (#3609)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/building-mission-planner.rst

   -  SharpKml
   -  ZedGraph

Building the MissionPlanner
==========================

Goto Build > Build Solution
and to debug
Goto Debug > Start Debugging

> By default visual studio will compile all projects and there dependancys as part of a build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default visual studio will compile all projects and their dependencies as part of a build.
```
